hello this is my wife's 2010 Ninja 250r
got all the panels off there's my bike
got our panels off the fairings
because she wanted a gear pro it is
stuck on there and go to the back you
had to install the sensor just kind of a
pain in the butt
there's a sensor right there around the
wire up along the brake cable or the
brake jingis
ran all the wires through still gotta
tuck them in make it look nice and
pretty and instead of pulling the dash
out a cluster I just found the plug and
use those cheap old clips to clip the
wires on found the tech sensor and hot
wire and then grounded it to you right
there grounded it there so now I just
got to clean everything up and sort of
program it count some five four three
two one works okay we'll be back